[Music]
let's see what people think
about this area let's listen
to the YouTube chick first, he
asks for a
good day, good good, you guys want some
gossip and I'll go whenever I want or
look at that to summarize is that this means of
pearls
so let's see my ex d ors roque
known as little reload as a
product of knows but I am well the
other day this tweet from here in which he
criticized Jabri Beira for a series of
videos that he made the million
reacted to that tweet and said this from
here
don't be stupid
this wise mental portrait has also subscribed
why are you going to even mention
one he actually has three videos and they
send him the videos 50,000 visits I
mean why
for what
points where you know literally on
YouTube
chang shores thank you very much friends he doesn't
get the spark a little bit more than me
in the videos of visits
the country tweet but he has deleted it and I
only have a part so I
transcribe it I suppose the million but what
closing tweets do you hit the for the
free insult that you have made me this
afternoon the abyss that Christina started I got
heated and that you [ __ ] or rather when I
thought that the best because when what on
top of the car several times because I
even recorded it by the
iPhone recording in case of deleting because as I
had found out that I had not published the
live in tweets I recorded it in case they will
delete it later the video also from youtube
will arrive thank you very much
and the two or three times that I heard it I
heard that it was for me the
mentally [ __ ] thing while a look I swear you
carry and if I had filed a
lawsuit like god I suppose the ms as
god commands but it's that I don't have more than
tweets so I don't know and at the time she
opened live talking about the subject in said
live she commented on what had been said she had
said that it did
not seem right to her and those in her group were saying that they do not like untidiness complained about them seeing them as something bad etcetera etcetera etcetera but that in one way or another they consume it sometimes they even do it because they comment on controversies between teapot where it is not total that for not  extend
this further than good to see if they realized
that they are public figures and that they
are subject to being talked about, I also did not
say anything to the best that was a
lie that there are many thanks to
removing that I got angry removing that I got
angry because it was not mine the
gratuitous insult is worth
the absolutes that the jfa christine and nor
and has apologized to us publicly for that she
has not said anything she simply
recovered the strike that was taken from her and
there it remained you know but I do not say it or rather
that is an insult if cristina and had reported it it
would have had a path I think I
mean it was quite heavy and kills tata
tata
of her public things obviously if they do
not like it they can mount and pedal but it
is what it is
then he got into the subject of the best
where when seeing the clip he instead of
understanding bill is x he understood javi is
x therefore he exceeded himself in favor and
wanted to report the million channel but
thanks to his chat he realized that he did
not say that he rectified and as you are
seeing he apologized we are doing well to the
worthy of disney stories
[Music]
moment we will take the video for the love
of god and that's it that has been the whole
controversy who is right
you will say points to clarify of
course yes and if you want do not
comment in the comments box
but I do not know why I do not give my
opinion and that is what we all ask
little by little well because a guy
with a machine gun let's say he said what
no
[Music]
this video
was wanting to hear the opinion
of the chicken that is usually super assertive
and I find myself with
a video all the media telling
everything there above
had said four things about the hub and no
because she took out four videos I know
when public figures
who are exposed to that to criticism to
the opinion since they have videos is not a
plan and javi elvira takes out four or
five videos well brothers the most normal thing
in the world not being a public figure
hey javi can you leave me alone sir
you are 40 years old stop talking about the
lives of others for ranting 30 that is
a cold life and it really makes me lazy
even to the point of
commenting on it but the thing is that I'm not
anyone's ex I'm already quite adept I would like it
if they empowered themselves many more times
in life because it's that this laziness gives to
comment you achieve like well as he
is literally saying something in
that sense if they were insulting videos you
will be able to do your best you had as a child that you
already have four videos in a row in the
same week where you are enjoying me you
are accusing me of a very serious crime you
can calm down I don't expect that there are
four videos and in two or three informative months it
will be soy vino the golden ex but it's that
even she herself is self-defined sometimes
as the ex of orlok for example or the
couple from Oslo for example that a click
there where I met Maxi and they
presented themselves not as avis but as I am
the couple from Oslo who are plants and had
the same car of ends like that don't [ __ ] with that it
exists
or rather like that is this base the host
or rather like an exorcist it's the best bird
[Music]
the girl with whom they cheat
on this one goes on the internet
two months ago
screen of 7 I swear  also
[Laughs]
well I knew it had
n't been posted with pinchado
but beyond that I agree if I
'm not
expensive look at me it would have been worth
it if he had posted a tweet
saying to me please if you're going to make
videos talking about me
if you don't mind my name is abi I'm not the
ex of
and I eat that tweet
seeing the comments because what happens I
never asked Leto what he did
to get here
I interpret
seeing this internet today has
more background
because he's not going to be able to talk about me of
ability or 15 where where the
problem lies but the girl is first she has to
give herself on youtube like
thanks maximum
what has she missed the most welcome to
a new youtube video I'm
uploading this on Wednesday so it will
probably be live at 7 in
the afternoon on tweets so I
mean but he has three thousand followers on
twitter
if he has a channel on youtube it's not very
good the care but well that
fabio liberates that the south god
that it is that maybe I have it very
internalized and I already have it work
man of course it is work bro I think  that it
's work it may seem more or less like
bandits but it's work all the same javi
sits down his four his five his six
hours whatever it takes
even and now ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
56 hours live the
comments to you are respectable but they were
made including you we'll see what you
say go ahead invite anyone I've
done it but yes I have done them
if they ask you fidel cha it's that he
quesada has an audience with all due
respect he knows but some are
still the typical ones they are from that band
no if they ask you to stop you stop you
don't release another 18 videos on the subject
this if they ask you to stop stop but it
was a long time ago my mother
let me go out alone on the street and I
could do whatever I want the
first thing is that she hasn't asked me to
stop
or at least in a nice way like you should
ask please
please imagine that the blond one comes
and misery there please look don't
make more videos talking about me
whether it's the blond one fighting with wind and getting
lost like mauro fighting with I don't know
who and no  Can I comment on it
please but put that she would have
told me hey xavi please look at an email
a direct message
[Music]
can you can you
stop putting me in the title of
zoila from oslo I know it bothers me that there is on the
internet and I do it if she had
told me that it bothers her I will do it
but if they ask you to stop so I know
that people people are often
[ __ ] I wish she would make five
videos and give her opinion if it is good javilla to give her
opinion about things where they continue in
other positions I have done them then that is what I have
done it bothered me while as
long as people do not talk about my
personal life in all no problem there was
against secondary of those of wild boar david
the ex of the oven who would accuse him the worst and
this was for colom and I was going to watch this video
because it was to make dust it was
because he gave fap to a tweet where
energy comes out ajax orlok and I don't know who else and
it said guess what they have in common al
day it was like they were throwing the girl the
teenagers new them and I
really don't see it it doesn't say we sell what I do
n't understand  it's how you go about being
friends now after he cheated on you
even though you knew he was with you
that has happened on other occasions okay
that has happened many times
the fact that a
friend band is like the reminds me of
when I was 15 and you had a
girlfriend a girlfriend you left a girl
because you didn't like her anymore or whatever you
went with others and you left her too and
now the two of them were hanging out together in the
neighborhood and in the headquarters across the street
where you pay so you can see the
two of them together you say or what the anger is that
the two of them get together
and we've seen it in other cases too
that the typical thing is that they are things that are
[Music] they are
things that are very similar to others
and
then as if to put a tweet to start
this mess also javi is going to
feed off this tweet or rather you
tell him not to post a video he's going to get 25 from you
all the public persona of the famous
stay in charge and be aware that they are
going to talk about you about your work and
bring many thanks to twitter
this other one I think you will do  ingrid
and well I'll do it I'll do it and her friend
of all the exes from dallas of all the ones I'll
end up with her if it was one that I had
met one day in I don't know where or
one that I had spoken to once on the
internet or well with and with ingrid they
ended badly and now I'll do it she's on a
trip with win michu but for ingrid and it
ended badly
but the red bulls became friends with the
revoque the 266 turned green as
if they don't have it besides people are
forgiven and I've passed it but we put how
your life is centered and your friendships are
only based on who you get along with she takes you only with those who
get along well she takes you only with
people who are against your ex or who
are still willing to be
against you for life I don't know these are things that since
I meet kids with whom
I have been
mostly good vibes
look how important
imagine how important what
happened to you in your past relationships
would have been a super bad thing knowing
how
there are still people who are not ready
to be famous or to be a public figure
seems very nice he quoted famous people maybe
be prepared god it's about her
in her live when she's going to talk about salt the
first thing she does is mess with the
others she has messed with dallas she says that he
had some evidence against him age that there was
some evidence against him that does
n't leave him in a good place she gives her
opinion on the [ __ ] of others okay and
then
when she's going to talk about salsa when she's
going to tell things of content about her
life in her stream she says come on guys for those of you who
like gossip site I'm going to
tell you fact and to tell the others she
spoke to me with leto we have decided that we are going to
be friends and that we are not going to get along
because of a guy or rather talking about
focusing let's see well now I'll say it in the
break we're going to finish let's see it's that they
sent me today a they sent me today very
transfer with some focus without but I don't
know what it is
to live off the story as if this were
easy it's not and according to distance
you are exposed to many things and you have to
sacrifice many things the first thing
is that you are aware that there will be
people giving their opinion people can make
all the videos that consider something else
that they steal my content or distortions in
reality and distort Milan we have
gone with keys to the Ponteses another thing
whoever considers
criticism opinions and there are many videos
out there would
be good in some kind of problem
not so much the criticism that you get
defensive
I am 24 hours a day receiving
criticism 24 hours a day some in
case I could go hand in hand with this even to
the buoy it is not obvious but I will never
take away freedom of expression from
people who can criticize me one thing is
criticism and other things without insults
mostly receive insults and there are
times that being unfair and
speaking all for just sinners I put
the criticism in the bag of haters
person happens all rappers included
but criticism criticism of the day
this is more is a criticism what you are
doing and nobody is going to ban you for it
if you think it is not right mount the criticism
putting up with I like a criticism there you
have the example that is my opinion a
little about the Abbey issue I think you
should handle the issue with more sportsmanship
produced somehow that they
can take out a video talk  of you or
that the problem for me there is no
problem other things that talk about your
private life your gossip with your
dirty laundry that I already consider something else
something that I would not do is to be
constantly dedicating my time to salseros and
controversies and the whole thing that I do not know
who rbora has said I do not know what for
a play said what but they have to
see everything on youtube and there is content
for everyone there is no more guys and we
end with a phrase so that you
understand a little what he searched for with all
this no that there is a phrase about
freedom of expression very very recognized I do
not share your opinion but I would die to
defend your right to express it and that
is a bit of my philosophy of life no no no
literally no I would die to defend your
right to express it but continue with tooth
and nail even though I do not share
what Javier does do you
understand dedicating his work to the
salsero because I can
comment on some controversy some of what
I want but being 24 hours
is the main axis of your content is
something that I do not share and I would not do
but I  Regarding seeing that there are people
who can do that and earn their job, we
worked with them and just as I
also defend
freedom of expression tooth and nail with the respect
that Yagami has, warning an opinion
about a weak rapper is also
within his full right to complain, I had to
tell you, I think that weighs 40 videos, it's
part of the job,
one thing, freedom of expression in
Argentina, I loved this phrase
for the wounded community, dismiss the video
and indeed there is funding for
freedom of expression in what you do in
Bolivia, debauchery would be
directly interfering in Abbey's private life,
exposing the signal, speech, etc., etc., etc.,
cell phone with debauchery would be save me,
debauchery would surely be save me,
but well, there is Quesada who, as always
[Music]